com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.DoctorActivity
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.DoctorActivity: DoctorActivity()
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.MainActivity
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.MainActivity: MainActivity()
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.MainActivity: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.PrefsActivity
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.PrefsActivity: PrefsActivity()
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$drawable: int aim_button_background
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$drawable: int chest
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$drawable: int hand
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$drawable: int head
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$drawable: int human_body
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$drawable: int ic_aim
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$drawable: int ic_aim_clicked
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$drawable: int ic_launcher
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$drawable: int ic_licence
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$drawable: int leg
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$drawable: int neck
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$drawable: int stomach
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$id: int chest
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$id: int description_imageview
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$id: int first_help_textview
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$id: int head
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$id: int heart
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$id: int human_imageview
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$id: int left_arm
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$id: int left_foot
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$id: int left_forearm
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$id: int left_knee
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$id: int left_leg
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$id: int left_shin
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$id: int left_shoulder
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$id: int left_stomach
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$id: int licence_agreement_textview
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$id: int right_arm
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$id: int right_foot
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$id: int right_forearm
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$id: int right_knee
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$id: int right_leg
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$id: int right_lung
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$id: int right_shin
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$id: int right_shoulder
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$id: int right_stomach
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$id: int settings_action
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$id: int show_licence_agreement_checkbox
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$id: int show_licence_agreement_preference
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$layout: int activity_doctor
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$layout: int licence_agreement_view
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$layout: int main
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$menu: int main_activity_actions
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$string: int about
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$string: int agree
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$string: int app_name
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$string: int app_preference
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$string: int app_version
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$string: int app_version_summary
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$string: int chest
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$string: int developer
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$string: int disagree
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$string: int display_licence_agreement
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$string: int display_licence_agreement_summary
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$string: int do_not_show_again
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$string: int head
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$string: int heart
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$string: int left_arm
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$string: int left_foot
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$string: int left_forearm
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$string: int left_knee
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$string: int left_leg
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$string: int left_shin
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$string: int left_shoulder
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$string: int left_stomach
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$string: int licence_agreement
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$string: int licence_agreement_text
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$string: int mail_me
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$string: int mail_me_summary
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$string: int maxim_lazarenko
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$string: int preferences
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$string: int rate_me
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$string: int rate_me_summary
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$string: int righ_lung
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$string: int right_arm
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$string: int right_foot
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$string: int right_forearm
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$string: int right_knee
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$string: int right_leg
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$string: int right_shin
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$string: int right_shoulder
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$string: int right_stomach
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$string: int show_licence_agreement
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$string: int show_licence_agreement_summary
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$string: int support
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$string: int visit_settings
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$xml: int points_of_agreement
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$xml: int preferences
com.lazexe.BattleDoctor.R$xml: int wounds
